All right.
So we're going to start to work on displaying the posts in our theme.
But the first thing we need to do is actually create some content so I'm in the back end now and I'm
on the category's page and I'm going to start to create some new categories.
All right.
So create one called business let's say entertainment
family
featured which is an important one because that's going to actually be part of our home page is going
to be the featured posts.
So we want that.
Let's add one called politics
technology
and lots to travel.
OK.
So now we want to go to posts now we want to be able to add an image to our posts.
So before we do anything there let's go into functions of P we go into our W.P. news themes support
function.
And we just want to say add themes support and then just pass and post dash thumbnails.
OK so now go back and let's just delete the hello world.
OK and then we're going to start to create some new posts or see new.
And I'm just going to be pasting stuff in just sample content.
You guys are free to just copy it or use your own text or whatever you like.
All right now what we're going to do is we're going to paste in a couple of sentences and then I'm going
to hit the insert read more tag so that that controls where the content actually gets cut off.
All right and then I'm just going to paste the rest in down here.
All right.
And as far as category I would say entertainment and family.
OK.
And then for tags we could just put whatever tag line tag to tag free and then down here we want the
featured image.
So if we say set featured image and we need to upload a bunch of stuff here let's see.
OK so you should have a folder with all these images.
I'm just going to grab them all
and then I'm just going to grab this guitar one here and then set featured image.
OK so that looks good for the first post let's publish.
OK now we'll go add another one
and then we'll get the intro text and then read more and then I'll paste in the rest of it.
OK so this will be business.
And then for the image let's grab this one here set featured image and publish.
All right so I'm going to go through and do this probably seven or eight more times because we want
to have quite a bit of post to work with.
All right so I'll do that.
And then I'll be back.
All right so I am back and I created a bunch of posts here.
So now what we want to do is go to index ph P.
Now the first area that we want to add is this.
This part here this top part and this is going to be just the regular Word Press loop we're not going
to create a custom query or anything like that.
Just every post that's created is going to show up here.
All right so let's go to an index peach P We want to go under the form and this is that area.
So we're going to wants first thing let's put a having parades here and H-2 and let's just call this
recent news.
OK.
And then where we want to put the loop is right below the you well k because these allies this represents
one 1 post and we want to loop through and output that.
So we only need that first ally and then we can get rid of the rest here
.
So this is going to shorten the template up quite a bit.
OK so now this ally we need to wrap the Hawai a loop around it.
So say p p while
it's a while have two posts and then we need to do this the post
and then down here we want to end it
right now and here is where we can put our dynamic content.
So for instance the title we can replace that with PH P is the title.
And just to make sure that it's working let's check it out.
Look at these titles and then we reload.
And now they have the actual post titles.
So that's what we want.
Now this here is Baby Doe.
We actually want to put the date there.
So let's fine that OK right here this age 5.
So in here we're going to replace baby doll with p p the tight end.
OK.
Now we want to format this so I'm going to paste this in here.
OK we'll take a look at that.
And you can see we're getting the time at the date and time.
So let's do the image right which is right here.
Now notice this image Oh no it doesn't have a class.
Oh yeah it does have bottom space.
OK remember it has that class half bottom space.
So we're going to go ahead and replace this and we're going to say ph P the posts thumbnail.
OK now we're going to want this to be a custom size.
So what we can do here is let's pass in a string called news thought OK and we can actually use this
in our functions file to make it a custom size before we do that.
So let's add an array so we can add some options because we want to add a class option case to the club
.
The class is going to be half bottom space.
All right.
And that should do it.
Now if we go and check it you can see that the width is correct because it's bound by CSX but the height
is and so what we want to do is create a custom size for this news item so we can go and functions ph
and right under where we add support for thumbnails.
We're going to say add image size and then we're going to pass an unused thumb and then the second parameter
will be the width which will be 400 and then the height which will be 200.
So let's save that reload.
And now our images of the correct height.
So all of this is dynamic except for this right here.
We need to put in the x or so place this paragraph in and actually create a div called X
and then and here we can just say ph P The X sir.
OK we'll go and reload.
And now we have our custom content showing up.
All right and see notice that the navigation just automatically works.
All right so in the next video we're going to move along and create our custom queries so that we can
get the featured popular and also the business post.
All right so I'll see you in the next video